So we had a detailed look at Raiders and why they are useful why allow us to loop through our own objects
or change to behavior if the loop for a natural object.
Also keep in mind you not only may access them with the four off loop but also with the very first half
you solve by simply extracting the iterator with the iterator symbol.
Now generators are closely tied to that concept and I'll again start by simply showing what a generator
is.
A generator looks like a normal function.
Let's name a select like this.
The first important thing to make it a generator is to add a star an asterisk.
Now you may add this directly in front of the function name.
You may add it in between with white spaces around or directly after function.
While you will see all three syntaxes I'm going to go with the star in front of the name so that makes
it a generator.
No still this generator wouldn't do much because the important thing to really make it a generator and
to do something is to add the yield keyword.
Now here I could yield let's say house and then yield.
Garage now you all to ask you always see the worst kind of return.
Kind of like return.
It seems to return this but we have to return statements.
If we were to treated equally like we're ass retort.
So let's not talk about it.
Let's see what actually happens if I run this function what do you think we'll see.
Nothing.
The reason for it is this.
And here comes the connection to iterators that by running a generator we actually get back an iterator
we get back an object for which we can loop.
So I'll assign a to it as function call.
And now if I print it next say I print it three times.
What do you think I'll see if I now have to run.
I get my typical object which I always get back from an iterator with done being set to false and the
value of house.
Then evaluate garage crash and then find but doneness no true.
So I am looping through those yielded values and that's what a generator is stay up for and where it
is powerful.
It allows us to create a logic state and a function to yield different values and that we can use an
iterator or we can use the iterator it will turn to loop through or to jump through those values.
The generator gives us